Wh o we

are

P roducts

H istory

With

Services

Lubrication Systems

CONTACT US

your collaboration we get to the root cause of

damage, compile solutions and support you
throughout the entire improvement process.
Customers’ satisfaction is top priority in our corporate mission. In addition to our premium high quality product portfolio, an extensive test field and our innovative team
are available for you at any time. Our worldwide networked team of experienced chemists, technicians and engineers assists you with every lubrication inquiry, starting
from the appropriate lubricant selection to the proper utilisation. Our experts can offer you, in addition to practice-oriented, educational seminars for maintenance staff,
profound knowledge in bearing and lubricant analysis as well as the inspection of bearing components. Upon request and within the Total Lube Management (TLM), we
organise the customers’ lubricant stock and handling. This enables just-in-time delivery of our products and assures the proper lubricant use for the right application.

Bearing Analysis

Bearings are constantly subject to various chemical, mechanical, thermal and tribological impacts. By arranging a complete
and accurate bearing analysis, causes will be determined and preventive measures can be initiated. Future bearing damage or
failure can thus be successfully avoided

Read

more

LUBCON Smart Task Control
With LUBCON Smart Task Control, you increase the security and effectiveness in production and maintenance through the
digital visualization of your tasks. This app is an ideal support tool for a fast, safe and controlled task execution and for
reducing machine downtime, costs and time consumption.

Read

more

Lubricant Analysis
Clean and standard-conforming lubricants are essential for an efficient manufacturing
process. Lubricant behaviour and its effect on the manufacturing process can be
calculated using selective lubricant sampling and precise analysis.

Read

more

Testing
Having our own testing facility is fundamental for the continuous research and development of premium products. It enables us to
provide extensive technical service for our customers. Potential quality improvements in the manufacturing process are also evaluated
in our testing facility. A high quality standard was therefore established allowing us to respond to customer-specific requirements.

Read

more

Total Lube Management
Professional and experienced maintenance consultation as well as support before, during and after the implementation. Total
Lube Management (TLM) starts with the machine design and ends with reliable every-day lubricant organisation, supply,
application and technical support

Read

more

Training and Seminars
General or individual training seminars for maintenance personnel, engineering staff and design engineers for better lubrication
technology understanding. A better tribological understanding and practice-related tips, which can be easily integrated into every
day's work, can benefit the component life of your machines and save operation and production costs significantly

Read

more

EMAIL

PHONE

sales @ lubcon . co . uk

+44 (0)1323 561030

LUBCON Lubricants UK Ltd.
COMPANY

Unit

5,

Bluebell Business
Bluebell
BN 26

P ark, 


Way


6GG


P olegat e

E ast

Terms of Use

Sussex
Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

Legal Notice

Products

Who we are

Services

Contact

Lubrication Systems

History

Copyright © 2022 lubcon.co.uk All rights reserved

