Who we are

P roducts

History

S ervices

L ubrication Systems

CONTACT US

High grade greases, oils, pastes, sprays,

cleaners and lubrication systems
LUBCON LUBRICANTS UK LTD is the UK subsidiary of LUBRICANT CONSULT GmbH,

a worldwide operating German lubricant manufacturer, developing, producing and distributing high-grade
greases, oils, pastes and sprays for nearly all industrial applications and manufacturing sectors

Automotive
Industry

Aviation and
Aerospace

Train, Rail and
Wheel

Machine Tool
Industry

Bike

Vacuum and
Nuclear
Industry

Valves and
Fittings

Wind Energy

Pharmaceuti
cal Industry

Food and
Beverage

Wood Industry

Corrugated
Industry

Paper Industry

Textile
Industry

Printing
Industry

LUBCON LUBRICANTS UK LTD is the UK subsidiary of LUBRICANT CONSULT GmbH,

a worldwide operating German lubricant manufacturer, developing, producing and distributing high-grade greases, oils, pastes and sprays for nearly
all industrial applications and manufacturing sectors. Known under the trade mark “LUBCON®“, the company was founded in 1980 and since has
established an extensive network of subsidiaries and sales representatives around the globe. Our degree of specialisation, the high innovation rate
and our first-class products are just a few reasons for the growing success of the LUBCON brand in the world market.

Read more

Quality management starts with the selection of raw materials
The combination of the latest production technologies and the qualification of our staff enable the production of our tailor-made, economical
and ecological lubricants. We operate according to the Quality Management System and attach great importance to the adherence of the quality
and environmental standards pursuant to DIN EN ISO 9001 and 14001 for the protection of environmental resources. Additionally, LUBCON
complies with the European as well as international standards and regulations such as REACH, RoHS, GOST, GOTS, GHS. This enables safety and
transparency along the complete manufacturing and supply process.

More about products

Research and development for innovative progress
An important part of our research includes the development of economical and ecological lubricants, such as easily biodegradable
lubricants, which are environmentally friendly and minimise disposal costs. Continuous scientific development and research as well as
the close collaboration with machine manufacturers open the door to our chemists, engineers and the R&D team for continuous
innovation, research and development. This helps us to meet maximum market and customer-requirements and to incessantly improve
our products, production processes and workflows, with regards to sustainability and profitability.

More about services

Customer-oriented service, from the right lubricant selection to correct application and storage
Customers’ satisfaction is our top priority. Innovative and customer-orientated organisation structures allow excellent cooperation
between departments. This ensures an extensive and individualised consultation, a professional service and an immediate order
process. A worldwide networked, qualified sales force keeps a continuous partnership with the customer to satisfy his needs and
requirements.

Contact us

EMAIL

PHONE

sales @ lubcon . co . u k

+44 (0)1323 561030

LUBCON Lubricants UK Ltd.
COMPANY

U nit 5 , B luebell B usiness Par k,  

B luebell Way

BN 26 6GG

P olegat e

East S ussex
Terms of Use

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

Legal Notice

Products

Who we are

Services

Contact

Lubrication Systems

History

Copyright © 2022 lubcon.co.uk All rights reserved

